#summary Google Summer of Code Pencils down report

= Scope of the Project =

Most modern processors have Memory Management Unit Hardware built into the processor whose main functions are virtual address translation, memory protection and cache control. With RTEMS primarily focused on Embedded Real Time applications, making use of these MMU features especially Memory Protection is important to meet the needs of those applications that requires such support. A general infrastructure for applications to use the MMU for memory protection is intended to be prototyped with a basic proof-of-concept for the PowerPC architecture and PSIM board support package.

  * Requirements to MMU Support Lib needs to be mentioned.

= Major tasks =

  * Understanding the RTEMS source tree structure and the responsibilities of various levels in its architecture.
  * Getting to terms with the PowerPC general register set, MMU hardware architecture and its functional flow.
  * Understanding what parts of the functional flow is performed by the hardware and what needs to be implemented at the Operating System level.

Major tasks of the projects like getting to know the PowerPC MMU architecture, knowing the RTEMS codebase are listed here.


= Design overview =

Design description of the modules go in here. Mostly will be pulled in from http://www.rtems.com/wiki/index.php/MMU_Support#Design_Notes


= Accomplished tasks =

List of tasks accomplished.


= Future scope / ideas =

Future tasks and goals are put in here.


= Challenges faced =

A brief description of major challenges faced goes in here. 

= Test suite =

Description of the test suite used